Web ext 8 (#1842)
mozilla/extension-workshop: src/content/documentation/develop/web-ext-command-reference.md

## What's change in Version 8

Released in May 2024, the main change in version 8 of `web-ext` is from use of the [addons.mozilla.org API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/v4_frozen/signing.html) to the [addons.mozilla.org add-on submission API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/addons.html) for signing. 

### Removed

These `web-ext sign` options were removed:

- --use-submission-api
- --api-url-prefix
- --disable-progress-bar (undocumented feature)

These items are ifentified with ![](/assets/img/v7.png "Icon indicating last supported in version 7 ")

### Updates

The following `web-ext sign' options changed in version 8:

- `--amo-base-url` no longer requires `use-submission-api` to be set.
- `--channel` is now required.

These items are ifentified with ![](/assets/img/v8_update.png "Icon indicating supported from version 8 ")

### Additions

The following veatures were added in version 8:

- `web-ext dump-config` this new command prints a copy of the configuration data to the terminal.
- 'web-ext sign --approval-timeout' enables ths number of milliseconds to wait for approval before giving up to be set.

> - `web-ext sign --upload-source-code` enables a file containg human readable source code to be uploaded.

Author: ```suggestion
- `web-ext sign --upload-source-code <path-to-file>` enables a file containing human readable source code to be uploaded.

<article class="module-content grid-x grid-padding-x">
<div class="cell small-12">

## What's changed in Version 8

Released in May 2024, the main change in version 8 of `web-ext` is that `web-ext sign` now creates a listing for an extension not previously listed on [addons.mozilla.org](https://addons.mozilla.org) (AMO) by default. This feature was previewed in version 7 with the [--use-submission-api](#use-submission-api) option, which is now removed. This feature is achieved using the submission features of [addons.mozilla.org add-on API v5](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/addons.html).

### Removed

These version 7 `web-ext sign` options are removed:

- [`--use-submission-api`](#use-submission-api)
- [`--api-url-prefix`](#api-url-prefix)
- --disable-progress-bar (undocumented feature)

### Updates

These `web-ext sign` options have changed:

- [`--amo-base-url`](#amo-base-url) no longer requires `use-submission-api` to be set.

> - [`--channel`](#channel) is now required.

Reviewer: I think we should include the 

```suggestion
- [`--channel`](#channel) is now required.
- To submit updates, an extension's `manifest.json` must include an [extension ID](/documentation/develop/extensions-and-the-add-on-id/#how-do-i-set-an-add-on-id).
```

### Additions

These features are added:

- [`web-ext dump-config`](#web-ext-dump-config), this new command prints a copy of the configuration data to the terminal.
- [`web-ext sign --approval-timeout`](#approval-timeout) enables this number of milliseconds to wait for approval before giving up to be set.
- [`web-ext sign --upload-source-code`](#upload-source-code) enables a file containing human-readable source code to be uploaded.

</div>
</article>
</section>

<!-- END: Single Column Body Module -->

<!-- Single Column Body Module -->

<section id="commands" class="module">

<article class="module-content grid-x grid-padding-x">
<div class="cell small-12">

## Commands

> web-ext has these commands; a command's options are included as subsections.

Reviewer: Looks like we consistently style the name of the tool in monospace on this page.

```suggestion
`web-ext` has these commands; a command's options are included as subsections.
```

#### `--overwrite-dest`, `-o`

> Overwrite the destination package file if it exists. Without this option, web-ext exits in error if the destination file exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overwrite the destination package file if it exists. Without this option, `web-ext` exits with an error if the destination file exists.
```

</section><!-- web-ext-docs -->

<section id="web-ext-dump-config">

### `web-ext dump-config` ![](/assets/img/v8.png "Introduced in version 8") 

> Outputs the configuration file in JSON format.

Author: ```suggestion
Outputs the tool's configuration settings in JSON format.
```

### `web-ext sign`

> This command uses the [addons.mozilla.org add-on submission API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/addons.html) (8.0.0 or later) or the [addons.mozilla.org API](https://addons-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/api/v4_frozen/signing.html) (7.11.0 or earlier) to sign your extension. If successful, it downloads the signed `.xpi` file, which you can use to [self-host your extension](/documentation/publish/self-distribution/).

Author: @dotproto having looked at this again, I've suggested some changes to refer to this as "the submission features of the V5 API" and "signing features of the V4 API". Being more specific about the API version, given where the links take you, seems more appropriate.

Environment variable: `$WEB_EXT_API_URL_PREFIX`
</section>

<section id="--approval-timeout">

#### `--approval-timeout` ![](/assets/img/v8.png "Introduced in version 8") 

Number of milliseconds to wait for approval before giving up. Set to 0 to disable wait for approval. Defaults to `timeout` if not set.

Environment variable: `$WEB_EXT_API_APPROVAL_TIMEOUT`
</section>

<section id="amo-base-url">

#### `--amo-base-url` ![](/assets/img/v8_update.png "Updated in version 8")

> A string containing the add-on submission API base URL. If not specified, defaults to the production API: `https://addons.mozilla.org/api/v5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string containing the add-on submission API base URL. If not specified, defaults to the production API: `https://addons.mozilla.org/api/v5/`.
```

#### `--id`

A custom identifier string for the extension. This has no effect if the extension has declared an identifier in its manifest. This option may be useful for signing versions of an extension you own. 

::: note alert

> This option cannot be used when `--use-submission-api` is used: the add-on ID must be specified in the `manifest.json` file.

Author: @dotproto this would seem to suggest that `--id` has no purpose in version 8, correct?

Reviewer: I believe you're correct. After reading through source and double checking with some local tests, there doesn't appear to be a way to use the `--id` flag in 8.0.0. 

I'll open a PR to remove it and update the `--help` docs.

Reviewer: I've opened mozilla/web-ext#3124.

### `--help`, `-h`

> Lists all the commands and options for the web-ext tool. When you request help, you can list the options for a command by including the command name.. For example, `web-ext --help run`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists all the commands and options for the `web-ext` tool. When you request help, you can list the options for a command by including the command name. For example, `web-ext --help run`.
```
